straight face dude I say that and it
just up I lost it
is Justin gonna go with Abel
Justin must win two sets of three out of
five yeah he's thinking about Abel he
just looks at in this is one game one
game this this is definitely a mindfuck
play a Justin uh looks like I made a bad
decision letting doesn't live Justin
having someone here keeping it so real
so I don't know just I I think Justin's
just trying to psyche out where maybe I
mean I don't think air I mean to be
honest with you I know justin is not a
big not the biggest fan of super these
days well maybe he just wants to put on
a show you know or maybe he knows air
has no experience versus Dan at all I
don't know anybody who has experience I
got the fan I do thanks to ultra doing
oh there you go just on their doubt he
didn't jump jumped on all right well
basically i would say against down Oh
seeing all you got to do against Dan
does not let them put you in the
hurricane kick shenanigans aside from
that that is still like mouth I go to a
kegger but if he does put you in those
5050 as it can be that'd be pretty
tricky I've always said that Dan's
biggest strength is that everyone thinks
he sucks right he actually doesn't suck
it doesn't suck Ryan he's not the best
blood like right he's not horrible
though the lumber cut is really good
yeah and that and like you said the Dan
can catch you is completely safe on
block right oh he's still alive Wow I
would say this is working very well
dresses advantage because justin is not
usually you know cheered on to win
because it these winds so often oh
that's true so now he has the crowd by
how he has the crowd on his side oh I
mean it's tight have a tough situation
for air who is not gonna switch to to a
bullshit
oh my god this is too funny so the crowd
is definitely on Justin side with this
one everybody wants to see Dan win
you're always sure for the underdog and
street fighter oh yeah that was sure a
nice blocking Justin there an empty
jello for that's one of the preeminent
hallmark tricks of top Claire's is the
empty jump into low forward before you
load fort meade Rick yes they're very
good at that actually ever actually it
was ex-excuse amurai who I remember
seeing through that hope of norco yeah
or actually from midtown Ovid college
student Fresno one of the best player
from Fresno he's basically fresno's
Dozier alright Justin with the wife lead
right now Wow standing forward poke was
not looking good here for error oh wow
Justin getting in his face I don't like
that i actually think justin just stay
back there cuz he feed and cook Erica's
right now air is just gonna upper cut
into fadc ultra knowing air
like I said he thinks he's eighth on
with that stick it come on arrows got an
answer for oh here we go Oh an air ike
like i said here's the problem here's
that here is the power of dan I'm gonna
explain this right now as soon as Dan is
about to win you start feeling so bad
like I can't lose the dan I can't lose
the Dan and then when you lose the Dan
and that's what's gonna make you end up
losing the Dan true and that's exactly
what happened I got blown up on a stream
by ultra David's Dan in the tournament
too so I've been blown up on my own show
but not not to be over and that's what
you think when he's about to win you're
like holy crap holy crap oh my god Judy
this is exactly what I saw yeah
everyone's cheering everybody that's
such a good call that is such a good
cause
I mean that's a trick about Justin too
that's the one thing about Justin that
makes him so if so powerful as a player
he he is like he knows the game outside
the gate you don't you know yeah exactly
and it's really cool that is the power
of status cycle power right there psycho
style dude if Justin was this Dan's
gonna get way more students for his
school exactly I think I think actually
just overheard a PVC tofu fadc don't
forget I'm going for the okay instead of
going for the idx Tatsu I'm not question
that was a reset on purpose no I don't
think that was I think that was just a
mistake in Justin which is kind of
mashing and strong nice frame traps
there from air Oh Justin's got a lot of
super so he can actually common one to
ultra right now if you wanted to he
could be low for it in the top super
into ultra but I never seen that in the
turtle yeah grand finals oh he tried to
he tried to ultra and it didn't come out
properly
w I told you one more time in the su
ultra I told you did I not call that the
good sex you called it damn shame air
air needs to air needs to take a breath
get some water air needs to take a
breath and get some water